---
layout: post
title: "Armani4"
date: 2023-08-04
---

**Heartbroken**

This is the fourth post on this blog. This is about me. The [previous](https://armanbehnam.github.io/blog/2023/08/04/Armani3) post.

In the silence of these days, your words of love were absent, casting a shadow over my heart. It seems there's a growing distance, a barrier that keeps me from your thoughts and concerns. I feel the chill of isolation, the sting of insecurity, as the warmth of our connection fades.

I've always believed our journey was guided by a higher purpose, that God had a plan for us. Yet now, I find myself questioning this path, wondering if the pain and sacrifices are meant to teach me a lesson I never wanted to learn. I've given so much of myself, my emotions, and happiness, to keep us afloat, but I'm beginning to feel the weight is too much to bear.

Last night, my dreams were dark and haunting. I dreamt of our separation, a painful vision that led me to your parents' door. There, in the grip of my anguish, I shared the betrayal that shattered my soul. The dream left me feeling broken, a mirror to my deepest fears and insecurities.

Armani: **I don't want to keep sacrificing my well-being for the shadows of doubt and pain. This moment of reflection reveals the fragility of our bond and the need for us to find a way back to the love and support we once shared. I hope we can heal and rediscover the light that brought us together.**

The [next](https://armanbehnam.github.io/blog/2024/08/07/Armani5) post.
